Post: some news about QChat (#13)
geotribu/english-blog: content/posts/2024-11-28_QChat_news.md

---
authors:
  - gallaman
categories:

>   - Announcements

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Article
```

comments: true
date: 2024-11-28
description: "Some news about QChat and the features provided by the new 1.1 version. #GISChat #GISTribe"
icon: material/chat
license: beerware
links:
  - QTribu documentation: https://qtribu.geotribu.fr/

>   - Initial announcement: https://blog.geotribu.net/2024/10/18/introducing-qchat-a-chat-within-qgis/

Reviewer: I think related hyperlink is better. See https://squidfunk.github.io/mkdocs-material/tutorials/blogs/basic/#related-links

Author: The CI build job seems to fail, after trying "absolute" and relative link

Reviewer: weird. And locally?

Author: Locally, I don't get any error when building the website with the `--strict` option.
I'm using the `mkdocs-free.yml` config :thinking:, and the `Related links` are not present under the `Metadata` section in the left part of the page

Author: Ok @Guts, fixed :tada: 

Actually, the trick is that the external links "root" is the `content` folder, [this commit](https://github.com/geotribu/english-blog/pull/13/commits/feacaa5ddfcea9ddf96902a93a52e35705a6234a) solves it

> pin: true

Reviewer: ```suggestion
pin: false
```

tags:
    - GISChat
    - GISTribe
    - QChat
    - QGIS
    - QTribu
title: "Some news about QChat, the chat within QGIS"
subtitle:
---

# Some news about QChat, the chat within QGIS

![icône globe speech GIS Chat - Credits: Global Market by DARAYANI from Noun Project (CC BY 3.0)](https://cdn.geotribu.fr/img/logos-icones/divers/globe_speech_GISChat.svg){: .img-thumbnail-left }

> Last month [we were announcing with a blog post "QChat"](./2024-10-18_introducing-QChat-chat-rooms-in-QGIS.md), the plugin for chatting with the other users, directly inside QGIS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Last month [we introduced "QChat"](./2024-10-18_introducing-QChat-chat-rooms-in-QGIS.md), the plugin for chatting with other QGIS users, directly inside QGIS.
```
